# Rick's Django website

## Current state
Right now this work space is just being set up for later. 

## Current philosophy
I've started a few django projects while working through tutorials, but after
the next one, it's time to get out of tutorial hell. 

One thing I'm realizing about Django is that it's probably overkill for any one
of my projects (like Wordle Search, which I'm happy using from the command
line), but I'm not going to solidify this hard-won knowledge if I don't actually
build something. And since Django is so powerful, I'm already in for a penny, I
might as well be in for a pound. What does this mean? It means that instead of 3
little Django projects, I might as well build a generic project that can hold a
portfolio of projects. 

## What's next?
This project is, at least for now, going to turn into a dumping ground for my
projects, at least my 2022 projects. I'll revamp [Wordle
Search](https://github.com/RickWeber/world_search) as an exercise in making a
Django API, and while I'm at it, I might even mess around with the front end a
bit. 

Then there's a pair of network-y projects that might merge, or might turn into
one generic project for navigating networks plus two specific applications:
finding cool things/people on imdb, and finding connections between subject
areas on Wikipedia.

The generic project will find paths, handle navigating bipartite graphs (to make
imdb possible), and implement the generic methods to be applied in specific
cases. One thing that would be cool is a path exploring tool with some tunable
novelty factor. Like a convoluted path between two subjects, or a node a random
distance from some given node. Especially when it returns some dataframe you can
arrange on some interesting basis. Like "what's the most visited wikipedia page
out of those along a near-maximally convoluted path between 'Sean Connery' and
'Graph Theory'?"

Then there's all the ML stuff I should really practice since I haven't done it
in a long time. I still want to finish Deep Learning and the Game of Go. As long
as I'm working in Django, I might as well just jam it in here. 

But we'll see how I feel when I get that far.
